it's time out for something educational
last night on the show I mentioned we
have a new bachelor here at ABC his name
is Colton Underwood he's a former NFL
player he was on The Bachelorette Becca
did not choose him he also happens to be
a virgin he's a 26 year old virgin garum
oh how old were you when you lost your
virginity 14 14 years when you have a
body like that you don't wait until
you're 18 use it anyway I wanted to help
Colton he's never done it and I have a
lot I'm really good at it actually so
before he winds up in some kind of a
difficult situation of the fantasy suite
I thought it would be wise to sit Colton
down and to teach him an important thing
that an adult needs to know
Colten come here you sit right there and
then I'll sit right here how are you I'm
good how are you doing I'm doing well
congratulations on being The Bachelor a
big accomplishment this time it's a
little bit different isn't it because
you are a virgin yes sir
what does that mean exactly I mean oh I
don't know I think that's why I'm here
has anyone ever explained the birds and
bees do you set you down and I have
never had that talk of my life do you
know where babies come from I have an
idea yes tell me what your ideas you
know I think when a man loves a woman
mm-hmm
then they go into the bedroom it doesn't
have to be the bedroom could be the car
to be an elevator
it could be the fantasy suite my wife's
parents conceived her on the kitchen
table it's there gonna be magic anywhere
magic can happen anywhere
yeah gotcha is this something that
you're waiting to be married for no I'm
just waiting for the right person the
right heart and I don't I just hold a
lot of value into it so I admire that I
think that's great
thank you and it's totally weird but
it's nicely so what basis do you know
the yeah yeah um I was like with having
third third base is that that's right
what do you think third base represents
everything but like the final product
you're like halfway down the line I
would imagine pretty anxious for that
single maybe the right field so you can
see just get home you can score yeah
right yeah right let me get some visual
aids that I think will help
now this is you know which part is the
penis yes yes you want to touch it I'm
good right okay this is the penis and
these this is one of the testicles the
other ones tucked in behind I don't know
what this is and I don't know exactly
what's going on here but when a man is
with someone to whom he's attracted the
penis will fill with some kind of a
cement-like get it off yeah yeah you get
a bar okay all right I've been there
been there done you have you have a
boner right now no you do not know and I
really am like halfway okay anyway when
you get a boner as you say the penis
goes up and then you insert that boner
into this Wow which is upside down I
think this is this a weird view compared
to that yeah is weird but they go
together I mean they're like what
happens here is this the penis goes into
that what they call the Virgina that's
it and at a certain moment sperm comes
out of yeah yeah I remember I you have
class yeah you've had us okay yeah that
fertilizes I think these might be I
don't know what these are I think that
might be your eggs are ovaries but it
fertilizes something in there you know
what I mean by fertilize yeah this one
they swim up into the into the eggs they
do I think Oh an egg becomes what they
call a baby omelette and it forms a
human being that human being comes out
and it wakes you up who really early
every single morning so
many times in the middle of the night so
you have to be careful and wear
protection do you wear protection I mean
I haven't had to you haven't had to know
about protection yeah we in health class
they put a condom on a banana ones also
you can sometimes put that condom on
your penis okay when you're in the
fantasy suite
some of these women are going to be
aggressive with you
I mean how aggressive are we talking I
don't know some of them are crazy like
they'll put like four borderline insane
contestants on the show I mean I I see
what you mean you know what I'm saying
yeah you see you're looking for the
right person what if you find a few
right people then it could happen a few
times let's just recap if we can okay
let's do this
what is sex how do you do it sex is when
you get a boner and you put it in to the
vagina I think it'd be just fine yes
thank you
then you're welcome it's going to be an
amazing journey congratulations on
making it to the end of the YouTube
video why not celebrate by clicking the
subscribe button you earned it